With that I want to conclude this module. We've learned a lot about next generation javascript and some
important javascript concepts.
In general you will meet a lot of the things you'll learn about in this module throughout the course.
Don't be confused by it.
It's still javascript.
Just using some more modern features.
That's just how we write React apps.
The next module will now start with React.
Now I will show you how to quickly create a project set up where we can use all these features while
still shipping code that works in older browsers too.
With that you're well prepared.
Always feel free to go back to this module and have a look at a given feature if you forgot how it
worked and you meet it in the course and want to refresh your knowledge.
And with that let's dive into React.